##Purpose of this document##

This document describes variables in tidy_data.txt which is output file generated by running run_anaysis.R
tidy_data.txt is obeys the principles of tidy data wherin each observation is in seperate row and Each variable is in seperate column.
Duplicate variables have been removed and variables names have been cleaned up from raw dataset.


1. "activity" 
2. "subject" 
3. "timeBodyAcc_mean_X"   	: mean of tBodyAcc-mean()-X for a given subject and activity
4. "timeBodyAcc_mean_Y"  	: mean of tBodyAcc-mean()-Y for a given subject and activity
5. "timeBodyAcc_mean_Z"  	: mean of tBodyAcc-mean()-Z for a given subject and activity
6. "timeGravityAcc_mean_X"      : mean of tGravityAcc-mean()-X for a given subject and activity
7. "timeGravityAcc_mean_Y" 	: mean of tGravityAcc-mean()-Y for a given subject and activity
8. "timeGravityAcc_mean_Z" 	: mean of tGravityAcc-mean()-Z for a given subject and activity
9. "timeBodyAccJerk_mean_X"   	: mean of tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X for a given subject and activity 
10. "timeBodyAccJerk_mean_Y"    : mean of tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y for a given subject and activity
11. "timeBodyAccJerk_mean_Z"   	: mean of tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z for a given subject and activity
12. "timeBodyGyro_mean_X" 	: mean of tBodyGyro-mean()-X for a given subject and activity
13. "timeBodyGyro_mean_Y"  	: mean of tBodyGyro-mean()-Y for a given subject and activity
14. "timeBodyGyro_mean_Z"  	: mean of tBodyGyro-mean()-Z for a given subject and activity
15. "timeBodyGyroJerk_mean_X" 	: mean of tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X for a given subject and activity
16. "timeBodyGyroJerk_mean_Y" 	: mean of tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y for a given subject and activity
17. "timeBodyGyroJerk_mean_Z" 	: mean of tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z for a given subject and activity
18. "timeBodyAccMag_mean" 	: mean of tBodyAccMag-mean() for a given subject and activity
19. "freqBodyGyroJerkMag_std"	: mean of tBodyGyroJerkMag-std() for a given subject and activity
20. "timeGravityAccMag_mean" 	: mean of tGravityAccMag-mean()-X for a given subject and activity
21. "timeBodyAccJerkMag_mean" 	: mean of tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()-Y for a given subject and activity
22. "timeBodyGyroMag_mean" 	: mean of tBodyGyroMag-mean()-Z for a given subject and activity
23. "timeBodyGyroJerkMag_mean" 	: mean of tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() for a given subject and activity
24. "freqBodyAcc_mean_X" 	: mean of fBodyAcc-mean()-X for a given subject and activity
25. "freqBodyAcc_mean_Y" 	: mean of fBodyAcc-mean()-Y for a given subject and activity
26. "freqBodyAcc_mean_Z" 	: mean of fBodyAcc-mean()-Z for a given subject and activity
27. "freqBodyAccJerk_mean_X" 	: mean of fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X for a given subject and activity
28. "freqBodyAccJerk_mean_Y" 	: mean of fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y for a given subject and activity
29. "freqBodyAccJerk_mean_Z" 	: mean of fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z for a given subject and activity
30. "freqBodyGyro_mean_X" 	: mean of fBodyGyro-mean()-X for a given subject and activity
31. "freqBodyGyro_mean_Y" 	: mean of fBodyGyro-mean()-Y for a given subject and activity
32. "freqBodyGyro_mean_Z" 	: mean of fBodyGyro-mean()-Z for a given subject and activity
33. "freqBodyAccMag_mean" 	: mean of fBodyAccMag-mean() for a given subject and activity
34. "freqBodyAccJerkMag_mean" 	: mean of fBodyAccJerkMag-mean() for a given subject and activity
35. "freqBodyGyroMag_mean" 	: mean of fBodyGyroMag-mean() for a given subject and activity
36. "freqBodyGyroJerkMag_mean" 	: mean of fBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() for a given subject and activity
37. "timeBodyAcc_std_X" 	: mean of tBodyAcc-std()-X for a given subject and activity
38. "timeBodyAcc_std_Y" 	: mean of tBodyAcc-std()-Y for a given subject and activity
39. "timeBodyAcc_std_Z" 	: mean of tBodyAcc-std()-Z for a given subject and activity
40. "timeGravityAcc_std_X" 	: mean of tGravityAcc-std()-X for a given subject and activity
41. "timeGravityAcc_std_Y" 	: mean of tGravityAcc-std()-Y for a given subject and activity
42. "timeGravityAcc_std_Z" 	: mean of tGravityAcc-std()-Z for a given subject and activity
43. "timeBodyAccJerk_std_X"	: mean of tBodyAccJerk-std()-X for a given subject and activity
44. "timeBodyAccJerk_std_Y" 	: mean of tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y for a given subject and activity
45. "timeBodyAccJerk_std_Z" 	: mean of tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z for a given subject and activity
46. "timeBodyGyro_std_X" 	: mean of tBodyGyro-std()-X for a given subject and activity
47. "timeBodyGyro_std_Y" 	: mean of tBodyGyro-std()-Y for a given subject and activity
48. "timeBodyGyro_std_Z" 	: mean of tBodyGyro-std()-Z for a given subject and activity
49. "timeBodyGyroJerk_std_X" 	: mean of tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X for a given subject and activity
50. "timeBodyGyroJerk_std_Y" 	: mean of tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y for a given subject and activity
51. "timeBodyGyroJerk_std_Z" 	: mean of tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z for a given subject and activity
52. "timeBodyAccMag_std" 	: mean of tBodyAccMag-std() for a given subject and activity
53. "timeGravityAccMag_std" 	: mean of tGravityAccMag-std() for a given subject and activity
54. "timeBodyAccJerkMag_std"	: mean of tBodyAccJerkMag-std() for a given subject and activity 
55. "timeBodyGyroMag_std" 	: mean of tBodyGyroMag-std() for a given subject and activity
56. "timeBodyGyroJerkMag_std" 	: mean of tBodyGyroJerkMag-std() for a given subject and activity
57. "freqBodyAcc_std_X" 	: mean of fBodyAcc-std()-X for a given subject and activity
58. "freqBodyAcc_std_Y" 	: mean of fBodyAcc-std()-Y for a given subject and activity
59. "freqBodyAcc_std_Z" 	: mean of fBodyAcc-std()-Z for a given subject and activity
60. "freqBodyAccJerk_std_X" 	: mean of fBodyAccJerk-std()-X for a given subject and activity
61. "freqBodyAccJerk_std_Y" 	: mean of fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y for a given subject and activity
62. "freqBodyAccJerk_std_Z" 	: mean of fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z for a given subject and activity
63. "freqBodyGyro_std_X" 	: mean of fBodyGyro-std()-X for a given subject and activity
64. "freqBodyGyro_std_Y" 	: mean of fBodyGyro-std()-Y for a given subject and activity
65. "freqBodyGyro_std_Z" 	: mean of fBodyGyro-std()-Z for a given subject and activity
66. "freqBodyAccMag_std" 	: mean of fBodyAccMag-std() for a given subject and activity
67. "freqBodyAccJerkMag_std" 	: mean of fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std() for a given subject and activity
68. "freqBodyGyroMag_std" 	: mean of fBodyBodyGyroMag-std() for a given subject and activity
